Only mining and placing!
It's a blocky world!
Mineplace! (2D)
aaaaaaaaaaa
This text might go out of the screen, who knows? Will it? I don't know. I'm just a text. A cyan colored text. qwertyuiopasdfghjklzxcvbnm
Made by Mutasimos!
pls dont copywrite me mojang
IN DEVELOPMENT! (I sometimes say that, but sometimes it's not true)
I *might* abbandon this project, but I hope not!
I'm not sure if I should add a crafting system...
I'm not sure if I should add a combat system...
I'm not sure if I should add a hunger system...
I'm not sure if I should add a health system...
I'm not sure if I should add everything other than mining and placing...
I'm not sure if I should add a multiplayer system...
AAAA!!! I'M NOT SURE ABOUT ANYTHING!!!
I did add a save system :D
I did add a load system :D
This is the 19th splash! (I think)
I'm not sure if I should add a splash system... (wait how am i here then?)
I'm not sure if I should add a system system...
I'm not sure if I should add a system system system...
I'm not sure if I should add a system system system system...
IM GOING CRAZY
send help
Fun fact: I lost a pre historic version of this game (v1.1.0.dev). (not joking)
I use linux btw
I don't use arch btw :(
what's an pacman?
This text might be green! (or not)
hmph
I'm not sure if I should add a system system sys- just joking!
33th splash! (I think)
i like cats :3
This whole thing is made in python!
dont mess with orange cats
CAN GITHUB COPILOT STOP SUGGESTING ME TO WRITE THE SYSTEM JOKE
I'm not sure if I should add a system system sys- just joking! - copilot
im bored writing these
i prefer emoticons than emojis
the first and lost version of this game was v1.0.0
Fun fact 2: v1.1.0.dev is actually still alive, but it was compiled with pyinstaller and I lost the source code
linux is better
forty fourth splash! (I think)
This splashtext is brought to you by... splashes.txt!
Do blocks have feelings?
Do blocks dream of blocky sheep?
If you see a bug, no. You didn't see anything.
Infinite world? Nah, I'm too lazy for that. Limited to 64x32 blocks.
This is splash number 50. Or is it? *moon men starts playing*
CATS ARE BETTER THAN DOGS FIHGT ME
I'm not good with P2P or just normal multiplayer, so I'm not adding it.
Adding splashes is fun! (and boring)
Fun fact 3: This game has more splashes than features.
v1.1.0.dev: Gone, but not forgotten. F (still have the executable tho)
Made in Python. Fueled by tears.
The system system system syst- NO STOP
what is life? its 42 (answered by the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy)
2D is better than 3D (in some cases)
https://youtube.com/@MutasimosDoesProgramming
i need help
minecraft 2019 free download no virus 100% real working no scam one hundred percent legit
people think im a furry because i like cats. i am not a furry.
im not a furry, i just relate to cats because they are lazy and sleep all day
also if i type :3 kindly ignore it
i hate myself for writing this game in python
typescript is better than javascript
programming is fun (sarcasm)
:skull:
9 + 10 = 21
hi if you wanna make me add a feature, shout at me discord: super_mutasimos
if you can see a steve head spinning on the bottom right corner yeah i put that there
v1.0.0 is dead, v1.0 is the new first version
